Chloe Bilverstone: Okay, okay, that should now be recording
Chloe Bilverstone: perfect. So, Elizabeth, I don't know how much your mum has told you about the study, but I'm going to tell you a bit about it now, and you can let me know if you have any questions, and then let me know if you want to continue with the game. So I'm going to share my screen. Give me 2 seconds
Chloe Bilverstone: just to show you what I'm reading out. Where is it? Here we go.
Chloe Bilverstone: So I'm going to read it out, but it's also there if you want to read it as well. But essentially I go to university in London, and I'm part of a team looking into testing this new game that aims to help us understand parent and like Teenager, or, you know, just under teenager adolescent relationships and communication.
Chloe Bilverstone: So in terms of your like involvement in the study, you'll play an online game today with your mom for 8 min. We're going to use Zoom to record the video of you playing. It doesn't require like any gaming skill, and I'll give you like the instructions before you get started. The rules are sort of very simple in terms of the information you give us. So the video, like I said, that will be kept safe and secure, and only me and the other researchers in the team will
Chloe Bilverstone: see that you don't have to take part. Like I said, Yeah, it's not compulsory. And yeah, if you've got any questions you can let me know. If you do want to take part, you can let me know now and then we can get started. Yeah, that's it, really. Do you.
joanna lyter: Yeah, we want to take part, don't we? Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, you're okay, perfect. I'll just stop sharing my screen now. And I'm gonna put in the chat a link to the game. So just give me 2 seconds.
Chloe Bilverstone: Copy that in to the chat.
Chloe Bilverstone: so that should be there. Now, if you can open that up.
joanna lyter: You'll click it.
joanna lyter: He's here!
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, does that open? And they should get the option to either do keyboard or touch screen depending on.
joanna lyter: We haven't got a touch screen in.
Chloe Bilverstone: Okay, so, keyboard perfect.
Chloe Bilverstone: Does that all come up? Okay?
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah. And you're able to share your screen.
joanna lyter: Yeah, we sharing no. Wait.
joanna lyter: Minimize this and then go down and share.
joanna lyter: Yeah. Yeah.
joanna lyter: Oh, how did she do that?
Chloe Bilverstone: Perfect.
joanna lyter: Okay.
Chloe Bilverstone: There we go. Yeah, brilliant. So. And then, Elizabeth, you sat on the left.
joanna lyter: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yep.
joanna lyter: Oh, the right! She's on my right.
Chloe Bilverstone: Oh, so you so I think it should be easier if Elizabeth on the left. And then, Joe, you're on the right, just for the.
joanna lyter: You sit here.
Chloe Bilverstone: A little bit of a change.
Chloe Bilverstone: Music which has perfect.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yep, that's good, brilliant. So you should be able to see the etch-sketch in front of you. Have you guys seen an etch a sketch before.
joanna lyter: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yes, it's basically the same as like the physical one. But online, and you should be able to see the picture on the left hand side.
joanna lyter: Yep.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah. So that's what we'd like you to copy onto the edge sketch by working together. But there is like a few rules which I'll talk you through now. So, Joe, you can only draw lines that are vertical. So up and down by pressing the O. And M. Keys.
Chloe Bilverstone: And then, Elizabeth, you can only make horizontal lines. So, going side by side by pressing the A and D keys.
Chloe Bilverstone: And but the most important thing to remember is, you're not allowed to touch each other each other's keys.
Chloe Bilverstone: and you must stick to your keys if you want to. At any point start again. There is a button you should be able to see at the top. That says new, and once you start sort of drawing it will become clickable, and that will sort of reset it. And you can start again
Chloe Bilverstone: if you like finish sort of before the time is up. If you can just like start again. We basically just want you to be playing for the whole 8 min. If possible. I will put a timer on and I will mute myself and turn my camera off, so I won't like distract you, and I'll come back on after the 8 min. But I'm still here, like, if you need anything, or you've got any issues? And yeah, I think that's it. Really, does that all make sense.
joanna lyter: Yep.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, perfect. So I'll get my timer up.
Chloe Bilverstone: Do do. So it's gonna be 8 min.
Chloe Bilverstone: And yeah, are you guys ready to get started.
joanna lyter: Yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Yeah, perfect. I'll start it from now.
joanna lyter: I'll go down and do the door. Shall I?
joanna lyter: Okay, do you want to go that way?
joanna lyter: Oh, we go to other house. Yeah. See? Stop. Oh.
joanna lyter: yeah, I've got up. So is how is it? Yeah.
joanna lyter: not all the way there. Well, it's got to be taller than the door. There you go.
joanna lyter: Hmm!
joanna lyter: I'll go down
joanna lyter: when you go up.
joanna lyter: Well, you want to go. Oh, yeah.
joanna lyter: Hmm!
joanna lyter: You go down.
joanna lyter: Oh, yeah. Who's down
joanna lyter: window? Go up again through the house. Yeah.
joanna lyter: you go up. Oh, I go up. Yeah. Yeah.
joanna lyter: How do we do like?
joanna lyter: Oh, yeah, I think we go the same night.
joanna lyter: Oh, if we hold that way and up at the same time.
joanna lyter: So right ready after 3, 1, 2, 3 go!
joanna lyter: Oh, and then and then we'll go down. Yeah. Well done.
joanna lyter: Alright ready. Go. Oh, how do we rub it out? Where did she say? Start again?
joanna lyter: Oh, no. Yeah. Hold on.
joanna lyter: Okay.
joanna lyter: Oh, we know how to do that now.
joanna lyter: Okay, right. Where do you want to start? Oh, oh, mother!
joanna lyter: Well, we'll do the roof. Should we do the okay, free
joanna lyter: 2 hang on. Wait! Wait! Which way are we going? I want you want me to go up. Yeah, 3, 2, 1 hang on. Wait! Wait! Wait
joanna lyter: up.
joanna lyter: Let's start again.
joanna lyter: Right? Let's go start here.
joanna lyter: Why won't it start?
joanna lyter: There we go right. Should we do the the? If I go down I'll do that.
joanna lyter: What are you doing? No dude? Hang on.
joanna lyter: All right, let's do.
joanna lyter: I'll do the chimney first.st Yeah, the chim. Oh, yeah, that's what sorry I didn't make myself very clear, did I? Let's start.
joanna lyter: Oh, you saw where your mouse is. Yeah, do you? Yeah.
joanna lyter: we've already started there right? Go across. We could do that bit. Yeah.
joanna lyter: a little bit, that's it, and then I'll come down.
joanna lyter: I'll go. I'll go back up.
joanna lyter: Yeah. Oh, you go back over and we'll go down and make that other side a bit longer.
joanna lyter: Right now we're going to go that way. So you want to go.
joanna lyter: DD, and I want to go.
joanna lyter: M. Ready. 1, 2, 3.
joanna lyter: Well done!
joanna lyter: Right now we're going to go. I'll go down.
joanna lyter: You go across and then stop when you want to get to the middle.
joanna lyter: I'll go up. Don't go up too much.
joanna lyter: Can we still stop?
joanna lyter: Okay, I'll go down.
joanna lyter: It's a big, fat house.
joanna lyter: I'll go up.
joanna lyter: Tell me when to stop.
joanna lyter: Stop. Yeah, yeah, we're going to go up and across. Why were we?
joanna lyter: 1, 2, 3, cool, and then great.
joanna lyter: Down right go a bit over a bit more.
joanna lyter: Right? We're going to go down. 1, 2, 3.
joanna lyter: That'll do. That's a fairly good house you go across. Oh, yeah, yeah, go across.
joanna lyter: It's good. It's good, right. How do we get to do the windows? Windows? Oh, no! Go down.
joanna lyter: We go down same time. Ready? 1, 2, 3.
joanna lyter: No, mum, you said, go down.
joanna lyter: you said go down. They didn't keep going down. Oh, do you want to start again? No. Go up
joanna lyter: when we go up. Yeah, and then stop.
joanna lyter: It's still right there. Yeah of the day. And then, oh, look at you nice.
joanna lyter: How are we? Gonna I think we should just go
joanna lyter: sort of here and then just go down and down.
joanna lyter: Yeah. But you know, we gotta make a perfect circle.
joanna lyter: Right? I ended in the house.
joanna lyter: hey? Really not go down. Okay. You just tell me when to go. Say, count one.
joanna lyter: So. Oh, let's make squares. Oh, yeah.
joanna lyter: let's deviate from the plan.
joanna lyter: Oh, and then go down halfway.
joanna lyter: That's me
joanna lyter: we'll do like, and it will cross, and then I'll go back to stop, and I'll go to the middle. And now you go that way, and then what that way.
joanna lyter: and then back the other way
joanna lyter: and go up. It's so exciting. Yeah, go up. Hang on!
joanna lyter: There you go! That's 1 window. Now now go across log. Right now.
joanna lyter: I'll go back up to the middle. Shall I? No. Are you gonna go. You do use square. Then
joanna lyter: should I go up? Go up
joanna lyter: no longer. Down
joanna lyter: now go up, you sure. Yeah. Oh, nice.
joanna lyter: Now go now. Go to the middle, go down to the middle.
joanna lyter: Oh.
joanna lyter: that's not bad, though, is it? I mean, it's not great. Should we start again? Let's do another one. Okay.
joanna lyter: okay, how do you get it? Right? Let me start. Let me start.
joanna lyter: I think it just starts where you leave it.
joanna lyter: Yeah. Oh.
joanna lyter: okay, we can start like the rooftop thing from here. Okay.
joanna lyter: we can make a small plan.
joanna lyter: Okay. Now go down, stop.
joanna lyter: go up, stop!
joanna lyter: Do I? Count?
joanna lyter: Stop!
joanna lyter: Oh, we've got you like, a, yeah.
Chloe Bilverstone: Okay, so that's the 8 min up.
joanna lyter: Okay.
Chloe Bilverstone: So I'll stop recording now. Stop.